1) Common Architecture & Protocol  (Exercise Question Page 102)

	> The architect must consider not only the functional requirements of the system but also the nonfunctional requirements 
	  as well.Is the system capable, scalable, secure, extensible? The architect must consider these issues and utilize JEE, 
	  especially its security, speed, reliability, and cross-platform capabilities.
	  
	> Principles of Architecture : techniques for decomposing an architecture using concepts known as layers and tiers.
	
	> Capabilities and System Qualities.
	
		System Quality     Definition
	    
	    Availability     : The degree to which a system is accessible. The term 24×7 describes
						   total availability. This aspect of a system is often coupled with
	                       performance.
	    Reliability      : The ability to ensure the integrity and consistency of an application
	                       and its transactions.
	    Manageability    : The ability to administer and thereby manage the system resources
	                       to ensure the availability and performance of a system with respect
	                       to the other capabilities.
	    Flexibility      : The ability to address architectural and hardware configuration
	                       changes without a great deal of impact to the underlying system.
	    Performance      : The ability to carry out functionality in a timeframe that meets
	                       specified goals.
	    Capacity         : The ability of a system to run multiple tasks per unit of time.
	    Scalability      : The ability to support the required availability and performance as
	                       transactional load increases.
	    Extensibility    : The ability to extend functionality.
	    Validity         : The ability to predict and confirm results based on a specified input
	                       or user gesture.
	    Reusability      : The ability to use a component in more than one context without
	                       changing its internals.
	    Security         : The ability to ensure that information is not accessed and modified
	                       unless done so in accordance with the enterprise policy.
	                       
	>  A major part of the JEE architecture is EJBs. That is because the EJB server-side
       component model facilitates development of middleware components that are transactional, scalable, and portable.
       
    >  Why Use XML? page 92 scea pdf
    
2) Object Oriented Analysis & Design.(111 Page)

   